In this tutorial I'll show you how to
make any property react to audio in
After Effects so let's get to it here
you can see I have a composition with
some music on a timeline once you add
your music or any audio layer right
click on it going to keyframe assistant
convert audio to keyframes that will
create a new layer called audio
amplitude so let's expand its properties
go into effects here you'll find left
right and both channels you could select
left and right channels and press delete
to delete them and leave just the both
channels if we expand this drop down you
will see that the slider inside of both
channels has keyframes with different
values and we can use this set of the
keyframes to make any property react to
the audio now let me bring the logo to
the timeline then press s on the
keyboard to bring its scale now I'm
going to hold the ALT key on the
keyboard and left click on the stopwatch
for the scale that will enable us to
add Expressions here so we want to find
the spiral pick whip click and drag it on top
of the slider then release it and that
will fill up the code for us if you
click away you will see that the logo
will be reacting to the audio but you'll
notice that the logo has shrunk to
this tiny size that is because the
default scale of 100% is no longer being
accounted for and it is solely driven by
this expression so we can add that scale
into this expression so let's click here
go into the end of the expression type
+[100,100]
+[100,100] click away and
you'll see the logo is back to its
original size and the reaction of the
audio is added on top of it and this
approach is required for settings that
have multiple properties in this case
scale has X and Y scale and for the
settings that have one single
property it is a lot easier so let me
remove this expression and open effects
and preset search for transform and add it
to the logo layer and in the effect
controls you'll find scale but this one
has one single property scale so I'm
going to hold the alt left click on the
stopwatch for scale and then before I
drag the pick whip I'm going to type
value+ and then I'm going to drag
this pick whip to the slider again here
let go and that fills up the code so if
we click away you will see that the logo
is reacting in the same way and
it has stayed the same in terms of scale
since we added the value+ and this
value stands for any value that you set
in the scale at any given moment and the
reaction of the audio is being added on
top
and I'll see if you wanted to increase
or decrease the extent of the reaction
you could add say times two or divide by
2 at the end of the expression or like
any other value then click away and
that would increase the reaction
say times two that would make it like
times two pretty much or you can put any
value here to exaggerate the effect if
you want to so 4 will be too much and
also one important thing I would
like to cover here is creating a
specific reaction threshold and we can
do that in the slider itself so let's
hold the alt and click on the slider
stopwatch and then here we're going to
type linear(value,)
now let's open the graph editor right
click and make sure the edit value graph
is selected so we can see the values of
the keyframes and here you will see
these keyframes with all the different
values and you will need to identify the
lower end of the threshold so let's come
here and and look at these values and
these are like six point something five
point something so let's go ahead and
select seven to be a low threshold so
type in after a comma type seven and add
another comma and now we need to find
the high end of the threshold so here
this is 20 24
23 so you could choose any value pretty
much and let me just choose 20 so type
20 comma and I will need to give these
values a meaning so as our low
threshold we've chosen seven so what
we're trying to do here is anything that
is 7 or less in these values will be
considered as 0 and we'll get no
reaction at all and so let's do zero so
it is zero then comma and 20 is the high
end of the threshold so if we add 20
here and then click away well let's
bring back the slider so what this means
is 20 at this point is the maximum the
reaction would go so even at points
where the value is 24 or 23 it would
still be considered a 20 and will not go
higher than 20. and now if we preview or
like go to the point like the there are
keyframes here so if we come here you
can see logo is not reacting and even at
this point if we bring the time
indicator here you can see the logo is
not reacting and only when it enters the
threshold that we've set you can see
we're getting the reaction so if we come
to this point where the value is 20 you
can see the logo is like big now if we
go to the point where it says 24 you'll
see the logo or the value of the slider
is still set to 20 and no matter like
where you go past the 20 it will still
be considered a 20. and at this point I
think I've covered every important
aspect of the properties reacting to
audio in After Effects I hope you
learned something new and enjoyed this
tutorial thank you guys for watching and
I'll see the next one peace out